>> Scott Moss: So
I'm gonna check out to Main.
You don't have to do this, you can
just watch me do this, this part here.
So again, like I said,
we're building an agent.
This agent is kinda cool.
It has the ability to read
the front page of Reddit,
generate images and get random dad jokes.
So [LAUGH] I don't know,
a combination of those three things
you can do some pretty wacky stuff.
I experimented with it the other day,
and the results that I got from asking it
yourself, I was just like, what the hell?
Why would you make that?
It was just crazy, it was crazy.
So cuz I mean, throw Reddit in there and
it's just like,
you don't know what you're gonna
get on Reddit, and then you'll see.
So the way you use it is, so
I have a command here in the package JSON.
It should just be start.
So you can just do npm start like this,
and
then you can pass in a message like this.
So I'm gonna say show me
a dad joke with an image.
So I'll do this.
You can see that the assistant is
thinking it ran the dad joke function.
It's now generating an image [LAUGH].
I don't know what we're gonna get.
I don't know what dad joke you got, but
it's gonna try to make an image for
that dad joke, and then it'll give it
to us and then we can go look at it.
And then we can keep asking questions.
So, here's a joke that I got.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop.
It was soul destroying [LAUGH] okay?
And then here's the image
that it generated.
[LAUGH] There it is, right?
So it's like,
if you throw Reddit in there,
it's gonna get real crazy real quick.
I'm almost hesitant to even do it.
I did it one time, I was like,
okay, maybe not that [LAUGH].
But as you can see,
it can get pretty cool.
So, that's what we're gonna
be building and then, and
you can continue to ask it questions,
right?
It has memory and
knows your whole conversation.
So you can be like, okay.
What does that joke mean, right?
If I literally didn't know what that
joke meant, I can just ask it and
then it'll be like, okay, cool, idiot.
There's a play on words here for soul and
soul, that's what the joke is about and
it's trying to tell me that.
So our agent, it has that power to be
able to connect to those things and
then have a memory to remember
our conversation and do stuff.
So that's what you're
gonna be building today.
There's a lot that goes into this, from
chat history, memory running on a loop,
executing tools, combining results.
There's just so
much that kind of goes into it.
But once you have the foundation,
it'd be really cool.
So couple examples of I see of like,
agents in the wild.
First, you gotta think about
two different types of agents,
there's conversational agents,
which we're gonna be building, and
then there's transactional agents,
agents that are just like, one off things.
Conversational agents,
really good use cases for
those are the number one thing
that I see the most is like.
You go on a website and
you see like the intercom bubble pop up or
like some chat thing pop up.
Everybody has AI thing there now, right?
Because I can't remember like,
I don't know,
maybe like 2014 you'd go to someone's
website and intercom thing pops up and
it's like support teams
like offline right now.
Okay, not with AI.
Their support team is on all the time.
So they can take this agent,
they can train it on all their
customer support documentation,
all their product documentation,
and then you can just chat with it.
So I see a lot of that and that's not
just on a website in a chat interface,
but it's also on a phone,
in a voice interface.
It's also over email where
you're emailing an agent.
Any way that you can communicate
via customer service,
I'm starting to see it
being outsourced to AI.
So that's probably the number one use
case for agents that are chat based.
But you also see other things when it
comes to what I call vertical agents,
so taking an agent, making it work for
this, just this one use case,
like a common one was like, talk to
this PDF, or talk to this spreadsheet.
You can take any document that has
data in it, or even a database, and
be like, I wanna talk to this database.
I wanna talk to this spreadsheet.
That's a very common use case for like
an agent that's chat based, because it has
access to that data source and it can
pull from it to answer questions for you.
And if you wrote the other side of it,
it can write to it as well, which is,
I don't know, if you want your agent
writing SQL for you, go ahead.
Yes, it can do that as well.
There's literally nothing it can't do.
So if you tell it to push the nuke button,
it will push the nuke button.
So, don't tell it to push the nuke button.
So you see a lot of agents in that way.
Then you have like
the transactional agents.
Those are just like what you would get in
a text editor, like a coding thing, right?
So if I go in here and
I asked this to be like a,
make a function that adds two numbers.
It's a transactional thing.
It does allow me to do like follow up
instructions and stuff like that, but
it's not gonna remember this.
It's not saving that anywhere.
It's transactional.
So you see a lot of that.
It's just like one off task, another
good one is like the tools that are,
go from design to code or
something like that.
Those are very transactional.
So you see those a lot as well.
I would say a lot of those agents
are hidden where they're like,
the AI is invisible.
Like you don't know that it's doing
something for you in a background.
You press this button in an email client
and it organized something for you or
like, it's more like
the invisible compute.
So I see a lot of those things
kind of hidden from the user.
They feel more magical.
You just just experience it.
Whereas the chat ones
are literally in a chat interface.
It's in the chat app.
It's in your text messages.
It's in Slack.
It's in Discord.
It's in a pop up bubble on your website.
So yeah, tons of use cases for
agents, as you can see.
Anything you can do as an engineer,
that you can write code for
ahead of time and set it,
the AI can do that dynamically.
So what I'm trying to describe is like,
if you're gonna write a code that hits
the Stripe API that always goes to your
Stripe account and gets this information.
You can get the AI the same tools to
do that, and then it can decide when it
should and how it should do that in
a dynamic way, whereas like you couldn't
do that because you would have to write
it ahead of time and it can never change.
Whereas the AI could change it on the fly.
It can change the parameters of it.
It's like,
imagine if you took an engineer and
you deployed the engineer to AWS [LAUGH].
And then you sent the engineer request,
and the engineer did all the work every
time you sent it a request on the fly,
versus there's always some code that's
written ahead of time that's
running the same way every time.
So the downside of that is that
it's non-deterministic, so
you'll run the same thing and
get back a different answer.
Which is something we've never had to deal
with in coding before, but now you do.
So there's a lot of interesting
problems there now, yes?
>> Speaker 2: What's the difference
between an agent and an assistant?
>> Scott Moss: The difference
between an agent and
an assistant is an assistant
can be a type of agent.
But not all agents are assistants.
I guess the way that I think about it
is an assistant is like, I think if
an assistant is just like an LLM in
a chat interface, you can chat with it.
It has memory,
you can chat with it, that's it.
Agent is something to me that, and
I was gonna get into it later, but
essentially it's something
that can run on a loop.
It has access to tools and
they can run on a loop.
Not every assistant has access
to tools and can run on a loop.
Some assistants.
If you remember ChatGPT or
GPT 3.5 or ChatGPT,
it didn't have tool calling or anything.
You just chatted with it.
It couldn't access the outside world or
anything like that.
That would be an assistant, in my opinion.
It can help you with things, but
very limited up to its training data.
If you try to ask it something
outside of its training cutoff data,
it'd be like I don't know that.
I've never seen that before, my training
date was this summer of whatever.
But as soon as you add functions to it
where it can think, run a function, get
an answer, decide to run another function,
maybe get an answer, ask you a question.
Then you're starting getting into like an
agent, something that's running on a loop,
and it's like thinking on what to do.
An assistant can be an agent, but
not all agents are assistants,
because you can also run
an agent not in a chat interface.
And then at that point,
it's not really an assistant to me,
it's just a transactional agent.
That's my definition,
that is not what the internet says.
These things are used interchangeably,
for sure.